
## Component-Based Architecture

-  ## What is a “component”?
- A component piece of code that fills in a certain part of the user interface.
- ## What are the characteristics of a component?
 a component has six characteristic
      - `Reusability`: being able to be used in different situations in different applications
      - `Replaceable`: Switching components with other similar components freely
      - `Not context specific`: Components being able to work in different environments and contexts.
      - `Extensible`: extending a component to have a new behavior.
      - `Encapsulated`: a component covers the interface while not exposing the internal state, variables or process.
      - `Independent`: little to no dependency on other components
- ## What are the advantages of using component-based architecture?
- `Ease of deployment`: Easily change and replacing components to newer versions
     - `Reduced cost`: The use of third-party components allows you to spread the cost of development and maintenance.
     - `Ease of development`: components being independent allows development without major problems to other parts of the system.
     - `Reusable`: Using components through multiple applications and systems which brings overall costs down.
     - `Modification of technical complexity`:A component modifies the complexity through the use of a component container and its services.



## What is Props and How to Use it in React

- What is “props” short for? which is short for Properties.
- How are props used in React?
    - In react props is a way for components to pass data to one another. Props in react are used in three steps by...
        1. Defining an attribute and its value.
        2. passing it to the child component by using props.
        3. then, Rendering the props data.
- What is the flow of props? 
- one way flow

    ```
    parent ----> data ----> child

    parent <---- data <---- child(using a callback-function)

    ```  



[Table of content](./README.md)